Vocabulary

1) Returns the Cartesian product from two tables.
2) Performs a join on two tables, retrieves all the rows in the Left table, 
	even if there is no match in the Right table. It also retrieves all the 
	rows in the Right table, even if there is no match in the Left table.
3) A join that returns the unmatched rows as well as matched rows
4) Performs a join on two tables, retrieves all the rows in the Left table 
	even if there is no match in the Right table.
5) Performs a join on two tables, retrieves all the rows
	in the Right table even if there is no match in the Left table.
6) A join of two or more tables that returns only matched rows



SQL

1) Create a cross-join that displays the departmen names and cities from the departments and locations tables.
2) Create a query that returns the deparment names, along with the address (city, state, and postal code). Use
	the diagram tool to help you find the necessary tables.
3) Modify the query from #2. Include the country name.
4) Return the first name, last name, and department name for all employees including those employees not assigned 
	to a department.
5) Return the first name, last name, and department name for all employees including those departments that do not 
	have an employee assigned to them.
6) Return the first name, last name, and department name for all employees including those departments that do not 
	have an employee assigned to them and those employees not assigned to a department.
7) Display the employee’s last name and employee number along with the manager’s last name and manager number. 
	Label the columns: Employee, Emp#, Manager, and Mgr#, respectively.
8)	Modify question 7 to display all employees and their managers, even if the employee does not have a manager. 
	Order the list alphabetically by the last name of the employee.
9) Display the names and hire dates for all employees who were hired before their managers, along with their managers’
	names and hire dates. Label the columns Employee, Emp Hired, Manager and Mgr Hired, respectively.